feat: add visual indicator for system elements in selector dropdowns (#1370)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/chilled-timers-peel.md

---
'@finos/legend-art': minor
---

> Add color indicator for `PackageableElementOption` elements depending on type ([#457](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/457)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add indicator for `PackageableElementOption` to show the graph the elements belong to (i.e. `system`, `dependencies`, etc.) ([#457](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/457)).
```

---
'@finos/legend-application': minor
'@finos/legend-application-query': minor
'@finos/legend-art': minor
'@finos/legend-graph': minor
'@finos/legend-application-studio': minor
---

> add indicator for system elements ([#457](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/457)).

Reviewer: Let's capitalize the message here. Also, this does not fully capture this change since you also show indicator for `generated`, `dependencies`, etc. as well.

Also, this change really just happen in `@finos/legend-art` for `PackageableElementOption`, so we should split the changeset and perhaps mention `PackageableElementOption` in particular.

Author: I see! Made two changesets though not sure if I should change description on other one
